docs: add warning on Worker import with constructor limitations (#15436)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

})
```

:::warning

Make sure to declare the `new URL()` constructor directly inside the `new Worker()` declaration, as done in the above example;
declaring the URL in a separate variable will cause Vite to ignore the constructor, and the Worker may end up not being included in the built bundle.

Additionaly, all options parameter must be static values, i.e. string literals. Using variables or constants will trigger a build error.

The following example won't work:

```javascript
const WORKER_NAME = 'MyWorkerName'
const workerUrl = new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url)
// the declaration of the worker will be ignored by Vite due to the URL being declared in a separate variable
const worker = new Worker(workerUrl, {
    type: 'module',
    // the non-static name option will trigger an error
    name: WORKER_NAME
))
```

> and here is how it should be:

Author: ```suggestion
Here is how to make it should be:
```

})
```

:::warning

Make sure to declare the `new URL()` constructor directly inside the `new Worker()` declaration, as done in the above example;
declaring the URL in a separate variable will cause Vite to ignore the constructor, and the Worker may end up not being included in the built bundle.

> Additionaly, all options parameter must be static values, i.e. string literals. Using variables or constants will trigger a build error.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionaly, all options parameters must be static values (i.e. string literals). Using variables or constants will trigger a build error.
```

The following example won't work:

```javascript
const WORKER_NAME = 'MyWorkerName'
const workerUrl = new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url)
// the declaration of the worker will be ignored by Vite due to the URL being declared in a separate variable
const worker = new Worker(workerUrl, {
    type: 'module',
    // the non-static name option will trigger an error
    name: WORKER_NAME
))
```

> Here is how to make it should be:

Author: ```suggestion
Here is how it should be:
```

```javascript
const worker = new Worker(new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url), {
    type: 'module',
    name: 'MyWorkerName'

> ))

Author: ```suggestion
})
```

> :::warning
> 
> Make sure to declare the `new URL()` constructor directly inside the `new Worker()` declaration, as done in the above example;
> declaring the URL in a separate variable will cause Vite to ignore the constructor, and the Worker may end up not being included in the built bundle.
> 
> Additionaly, all options parameters must be static values (i.e. string literals). Using variables or constants will trigger a build error.
> 
> The following example won't work:
> 
> ```javascript
> const WORKER_NAME = 'MyWorkerName'
> const workerUrl = new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url)
> // the declaration of the worker will be ignored by Vite due to the URL being declared in a separate variable
> const worker = new Worker(workerUrl, {
>   type: 'module',
>   // the non-static name option will trigger an error
>   name: WORKER_NAME,
> })
> ```
> 
> Here is how it should be:
> 
> ```javascript
> const worker = new Worker(new URL('./worker.js', import.meta.url), {
>   type: 'module',
>   name: 'MyWorkerName',
> })
> ```
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: I think we should go with a shorter version, as this warning will be bigger than the docs for the feature if not. It is enough to add a short paragraph:

```suggestion
The worker detection will only work if the `new URL()` constructor is used directly inside the `new Worker()` declaration. Additionally, all options parameters must be static values (i.e. string literals).

```
